[CTOR-606] refresh LDAP Server doc page (#3396)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-protocol-ldap.md

id: applications-protocol-ldap
title: LDAP Server
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **LDAP Server** brings a host template:

* **App-Protocol-LDAP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="App-Protocol-LDAP-custom" label="App-Protocol-LDAP-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template               | Service Description          |
|:--------------|:-------------------------------|:-----------------------------|
| LDAP-Login    | App-Protocol-LDAP-Login-custom | Check login to a LDAP server |

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **App-Protocol-LDAP-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Not attached to a host template" label="Not attached to a host template">

| Service Alias | Service Template                | Service Description           |
|:--------------|:--------------------------------|:------------------------------|

> | LDAP-Search   | App-Protocol-LDAP-Search-custom | Check search to a LDAP server |

Reviewer: see FR

> | LDAP-Search   | App-Protocol-LDAP-Search-custom | Check search to a LDAP server |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| LDAP-Search   | App-Protocol-LDAP-Search-custom | Performs a search in a LDAP server ans check that the results are consistent |
```

> The services listed above are not created automatically when a host template is applied. To use them, [create a service manually](/docs/monitoring/basic-objects/services), then apply the service template you want.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Collected metrics & status

Here is the list of services for this connector, detailing all metrics linked to each service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="LDAP-Login" label="LDAP-Login">

| Metric name                | Unit  |
|:---------------------------|:------|
| time   | s     |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="LDAP-Search" label="LDAP-Search">

| Metric name                | Unit  |
|:---------------------------|:------|
| ldap.request.entries.count | count |
| ldap.request.time.second   | s     |

> To obtain this new metric format, include **--use-new-perfdata** in the **EXTRAOPTIONS** service macro.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

The remote server must have an LDAP service running and available. A user and

> password dedicated to monitoring is needed for security reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
password dedicated to the monitoring are needed for security reasons.
```
